Introduce examples for status (#99)
bitol-io/open-data-contract-standard: docs/README.md

|-------------------------|------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| apiVersion              | Standard version | Yes      | Version of the standard used to build data contract. Default value is `v3.0.0`.                                            |
| kind                    | Kind             | Yes      | The kind of file this is. Valid value is `DataContract`.                                                                   |
| id                      | ID               | Yes      | A unique identifier used to reduce the risk of dataset name collisions, such as a UUID.                                    |
| name                    | Name             | No       | Name of the data contract.                                                                                                 |
| version                 | Version          | Yes      | Current version of the data contract.                                                                                      |

> | status                  | Status           | Yes      | Current status of the data contract. Examples are "proposed", "in development", "active", "deprecated", "retired". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status                  | Status           | Yes      | Current status of the data contract. Examples are "proposed", "draft", "active", "deprecated", "retired". |
```
